ACCEPTANCE CRITERIA

1. Given the user is on the main page,
When I enter the shortcut word,
And press enter,
Then it takes me to the relevant page.

2. Given the user is on a page,
When I enter STOP,
Then I exit the program.

3. Given the user is on a page,
When I enter RETURN,
Then I exit back to the main menu.

-------------------------

1. Given the user is taken to the Item page,
When entering the corresponding shortcut,
Then I can create, read, update and delete the entries.

2. Given the user creates a new item,
When entering the item name, price and stock,
Then the inventory of items is updated with this item.

3. Given the user reads items,
When entering READ,
Then all items and characteristics are printed.

4. Given the user deletes an item,
When confirming the item id,
Then the item is deleted from the inventory.

--------------------------

1. Given the user is taken to the Customer page,
When entering the corresponding shortcut and customer id,
Then I can create, read, update and delete the entries. As well as seeing a customers orders.

2. Given the user creates a new customer,
When entering the first name and surname,
Then the inventory of customers is updated with this item.

3. Given the user reads customers,
When entering READ,
then all customers are printed.

4. Given the user deletes a customer,
When confirming the customer id,
Then the customer is deleted from the inventory.

-------------------------

1. Given the user is taken to the Order page,
When entering the corresponding shortcut,
Then I can create, read, update and delete the entries. As well as updating the items in an order.

2. Given the user enters a new order,
When entering the corresponding customer id, item id and quantity,
Then the inventory of orders and orders_items is updated with this item.

3. Given the user reads orders,
When entering READ,
Then all orders and their items are printed, as well as the total cost of each order.

4. Given the user deletes an order,
When confirming the order id,
Then the order and it's child orders_items are deleted from the inventory.

5. Given the user deletes an item from an order,
When confirming the order id and the item id,
Then the item is deleted from the order inventory.